document PartitionMappings in partitions concepts page (#12768)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/concepts/partitions-schedules-sensors/partitions.mdx

When a partitioned asset depends on another partitioned asset, each partition in the downstream asset depends on a partition or multiple partitions in the upstream asset.

A few rules govern default partition-to-partition dependencies:

- When the upstream asset and downstream asset have the same <PyObject object="PartitionsDefinition" />, each partition in the downstream asset depends on the same partition in the upstream asset.
- When the upstream asset and downstream asset are both time window-partitioned, each partition in the downstream asset depends on all partitions in the upstream asset that intersect its time window.

  For example, if an asset with a <PyObject object="DailyPartitionsDefinition" /> depends on an asset with an <PyObject object="HourlyPartitionsDefinition" />, then partition `2022-04-12` of the daily asset the would depend on 24 partitions of the hourly asset: `2022-04-12-00:00` through `2022-04-12-23:00`.

#### PartitionMappings

> You can override these rules by providing a <PyObject object="PartitionMapping" /> when specifying a dependency on an asset. For example, here's how to specify that each partition of a daily-partitioned asset depends on the prior day's partition in an upstream asset:

Reviewer: > You can override these rules by providing

In this sentence, `these` is an unclear antecedent - it's not immediately clear what `these` refers to. I think that's partially because this sentence starts a new section, so it may take a moment to connect the dots.

Consider something like 

- You can override the default partition dependency rules by... 
- To override the default partition dependency rules, provide a...

I know these suggestions are a bit wordy, but it's clear what it's referring to.

```python file=/concepts/partitions_schedules_sensors/partition_mapping.py
from dagster import (
    AssetIn,
    DailyPartitionsDefinition,
    TimeWindowPartitionMapping,
    asset,
)

partitions_def = DailyPartitionsDefinition(start_date="2023-01-21")

@asset(partitions_def=partitions_def)
def events():
    ...

@asset(
    partitions_def=partitions_def,
    ins={
        "events": AssetIn(
            partition_mapping=TimeWindowPartitionMapping(
                start_offset=-1, end_offset=-1
            ),
        )
    },
)
def yesterday_event_stats(events):
    ...
```

> The available PartitionMappings are included here: <https://docs.dagster.io/_apidocs/partitions#partition-mapping>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [API docs](https://docs.dagster.io/_apidocs/partitions#partition-mapping) for a list of available `PartitionMappings`.
```

Stick to using formatted links whenever possible - it reads and looks nicer than just a URL.
